At high level, Kubernetes is:
	A cluster to run apps
	An orchestrator of microservice apps

Kubernetes as cluster
	- A Bunch of Machines to host applications
	- Each machine is a NODE
	- A node can be physical servers, virtual machines, cloud instances, etc

	A kubernetes cluster is made of a CONTROL PLANE and NODES

	Control Planes  = Brain of the clusters
	Node = Where the user apps run

How it works:
	You start wtih an app, package it as a container, then give it to the cluster(Kubernetes), the cluster is made up of one or more CONTROL PLANE NODES, and many WORKER NODES.

	1. Write the app as an independent microservice
	2. Package each microservice as its own container
	3. Wrap each container in a kubernetes Pod
	4. Deploy Pods to the cluster via higher-level controllers

	Kubernetes is DECLARATIVE
		You write what you want in a set of YAML files

The control plane:
	- API server
		All communication (internal and external) goes through the API
		Exposes a RESTful API that you can POST YAML configuration files (manifests)
	
	- Cluster store
		Stores the configuration and state of the cluster
		Based on etcd
		Good practice to run 3 to 5 etcd replicas
		values consistency over availability
	
	- Controller manager and controllers
		- Controller manager control other controllers
		- Controllers keep the cluster at the desired state

	- Scheduler
		- Assign tasks to Nodes
	
	- Cloud controller manager
		 Facilitates integration iwth cloud services

Nodes:
	1. Watch the API for assignments
	2. Execute assignments
	3. Report back to control plane

	Componentes:
	 1. Kubelet
	 2. Container runtime
	 3. kube-proxy

	Kubelet:
		- Main agent
		- watch the API server for new tasks, execute, and report back
	Runtime:
		Performs container-related tasks

	Kube-proxy:
		Responsible for local cluster networking
		Gives each node its own unique IP
		Implements networking stuff (local iptables, routing, etc)

POD:
	Atomic unit of Kubernetes (like container is the unit of Docker)
	Runs one or more containers
	PODS are unreliable!!!!!!!
	Services provides reliable networking for a set of PODS

